if you thought the inflation was going
to subside my goodness I have some stats
to show you today you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you in
today's video we are going to look at
everything to do with your finances I'm
going to show you what's happening give
you little pieces from all of these
different parts to paint a really really
um unfortunate picture of what's
happening but not just to become the
victim not just to sit back but actually
to take action against and I'm going to
show you some of that right now the
first thing you're looking at here is
where's the Tipping Point no we're not
talking about Gladwell we're looking
here at share of respondents who say
that tipping should not be expected it
depends where you are right looking at
Sweden 43% UK
41% at the other end of the spectrum
Italy 18% depends on where you go right
um for a lot of people though that work
off of tips they would say I really hope
I get tips it really all depends right
now you're going to everywhere where
you're just buying a coffee and now
there's a tip suggestion there right on
why because nobody brings cash before
you would buy that let's say for $5
there's a buck left over you would throw
it in the jar now because everything is
digitized Sweden everything is digitized
well now with the different story right
those are not getting those tips at the
same time it's just everywhere
everywhere in our faces that's in some
way inflationary tip creep versus TIP
fatigue Americans tipping habits Sheriff
respondents say that they typically
leave a tip at the following occasions
and it breaks that down certainly eating
at a restaurant is one of those places
where there's a minimum wage worker and
you're trying to sort of subsidize that
somewhat by giving them an extra tip if
they provided you with excellent service
maybe they gave you a little something
extra there you want to be able to tip
you want to be able to take care of them
I get that but what we're seeing is
price the price paid overall for a good
or service has increased whether it's
from one thing or another like I
remember back in the day where
15% was the tip that was fine and now
that's not even an option on the little
screen I'm sure you see the same thing
it's 18 it's 20 it's 25 is 30 it's all
over the place and I understand that
money hopefully is going to the
individual and you're trying help them
out I certainly tip as best I can in
every circumstance guilt tipping is
getting out of control but signs show
consumers are pushing back and this is
what it goes into like you you can push
it so far just like the stores they
continue to increase their prices that
eventually hits the ceiling in what the
consumer is willing to
pay at the same time we're seeing the
prices of food going up now this is an
index that doesn't necessarily mean when
you go to that store it's going to be
higher based on this chart but this is
the UN food and agricultureal world uh
food price year over year and so those
have been increasing so month over month
it looks a little bit different but
certainly this is where we're at we're
getting a Resurgence in inflation to
some degree after we were being told
that it was deflation all the way the
Federal Reserve did not increase
interest rates or decrease interest
rates as many had been hoped and all
this so what does that mean they're
suggesting to everybody hey things are
good things are fine but at the same
time you're not cutting interest rates
weird weird thing the the unlikely new
real estate darling
restaurants um this is an interesting
thing because what's happening I think
there's there's multiple levels to it
and I want your input here if people um
can't really spend the big bucks they
can certainly go to a restaurant and
they could spend $100 here or there at
the same time I believe a lot of people
are not necessarily cooking at home they
don't know how to do that they don't
have that skill they don't have the the
desire they don't want to spend the time
doing that so they go out a lot um but
at the same time I think what's
Happening Here is people are just saying
screw it all I'm just going to spend
every last time I can't afford a house
it's not going to happen I can't afford
the rent this is not going to happen I'm
just going to live like this in this
circumstance and spend at all what do
you think about that that is you know
I've seen a lot of evidence to suggest
that home ownership costs in the US
jumped
26% since 2020 expenses expenses include
taxes Insurance utilities and all
soaring during a high period of
inflation across the economy home
ownership costs I think are actually
much worse in a lot of places but even
at 26% it is truly absurd when you
factor everything in because we're
talking about the you know mortgage and
all the debt that we have associated
with that not to mention fixing stuff
around that house which is inevitable
has increased as well so we're getting
pushed from all sides and now we look at
the retail apocalypse people say they oh
you use all these scary titles and all
this literally copying and pasting from
the articles but anyway uh Walmart store
closures are a warning sign of retail
apocalypse with other chains also facing
the threat it's not just Walmart and
Walmart obviously has a lot of stores
but what we're seeing here is that the
Shoppers are being as the Walmart CEO
said
choiceful and essentially what they're
doing is they're not going and and being
um monogamous let's say they are going
and they're shopping around they're
trying to find the best deals and who
which stores are willing to squeeze
their margins Down super low and at the
same time it tells us what's going on
with the consumer they are basically
pushed to the edge there's some good
news here that us wholesale prices
dropped in May adding to the evidence
that inflation pressures are cooling
wholesale prices are what come before
consumer prices so those Whole Goods
before they make it to you this is what
the producers are going to be dealing
with uh and of course if the inflation
has come down on those products that
could translate into cheaper prices for
you you hope right you
hope in the case of Argentina a country
that I had been covering for many many
years leading up to this point the
inflation level has fallen in May for
the fifth straight month now if you ask
the people in Argentina they say that we
are being punished eating is a luxury is
the quote uh they're dealing with a lot
and I don't think that even if they are
doing a good job right now it's not
going to just come around from where it
was from basically you know not
Venezuela levels but the currency was
rapidly depreciating you don't just get
a new guy in charge you know make a few
changes and everything's going to be
okay there has to be pain you have to
feel pain for a period of time hopefully
everything goes well and that they take
uh care of this we'll see I just wanted
to show you that an extreme example and
what could happen more American exports
are renouncing their citizenships you
see this why a lot of them they've been
living overseas for so many years
they're living in Mexico they're living
wherever it is and they're basically
saying why am I going to keep this thing
because of the burden that it applies to
me like if you are an American citizen a
lot of times you can't invest in C
certain Financial companies a lot of
businesses won't deal with you because
of the extra um you know LW that are put
in place specifically for American
citizens even if you are living abroad
at the same time when you see this you
know it depends on on your circumstance
but um you're still going to be paying
taxes right unless you have the foreign
uh exclusions but for a lot of people
especially if they're making a lot of
money that it makes a lot more sense to
renounce their citizenship this is one
of only two countries by the way
globally that do this so the United
States has a unique circumstance and a
lot of people are just saying I can't do
it what is the change what's coming
right you want change you want to vote
that change in well look at this example
members of Congress take lobbyist jobs
paying as much as $4
million it pays for lawmakers to swing
through the revolving door and join the
ranks of influence pedalers I've covered
the revolving door many many many times
here on this channel some of those
videos had to be deleted
I went a little too far on those uh and
and so you're getting 4 million bucks
now you might ask yourself why would
somebody get into this role where
they're going to be literally harassed
by 50% of the population why would they
get into these positions is because of
what it offers them the connections that
they can develop that's what government
is it doesn't matter which government
we're talking about okay just let's be
clear about that doesn't matter which
government we're talking about they are
all all doing the same thing these
people generally are not good people you
might agree with them you might agree
with their politics but look what are
they after they're after this corruptive
effect that is very present everywhere
but you have to understand this is a
global you know environment that we're
in today you you don't have to be um you
know dealing with one country yeah you
can be living in the United States you
remain in the United States but your
customers don't have to be from the
United States you could have a
corporation in different places in the
world you can do that you can have
investments in other parts of the world
you don't need to just be in one space
in one location because we are moving
into a multi-polar world it's not just
you know a line that we've heard out of
you know the bricks and all that this is
what's going on and it is advisable that
you start to look at different
Investments different measures that you
can take both preventative you know you
want to be proactive but of course we
want to be able to um have a plan B in
place already already what's a plan B in
place like for instance uh having a
second citizenship easiest way to get a
second citizenship how to invest the $1
million in Malta no uh it is through um
you know your blood line a lot of
countries will will offer you that
that's the best way because it's the
lowest cost straightforward just need
some paperwork get it done get that done
it's a plan B why not you have to
understand the pillars of prosperity
this is something I to talk about all
the time all you need to type in to the
search engine pillars of prosperity the
money GPS and you will find this video I
talk about number one increasing your
income and number two is
self-sufficiency when you get those two
dialed in you your life will be better
as a result I help people on Friday and
Sunday this is where we get into for
over 2 hours so now all the videos that
I'm not doing during the week the Friday
and Sunday sessions are getting so
jam-packed right now it's crazy uh
Friday session is all about it's more
like the money GPS but but way more in
depth um and we get into it for like
over two hours and then on Sunday we
talk about building an online business
uh diversification through that how we
can make money how we can not be worried
about the location we are tied in uh you
know geographical Independence uh
currency diversification and all of that
if you're interested in this information
the money gps.com
slive the money gps.com
slive I'll see you there take care